# PINGO - Pivoting off of Jannine's idea - FOR THE LAZY USER

Worst case or mostly used scenario where API keys can explode: on vacation, or you're finally exploring the city.
- 12 - 16 hrs of movement.

Average-case: Saturday - you're going to see a movie in the area, and then a meal.

Best case: you're going to work and back.

## Ideas
1. no process environment variables - how to store secrets?
  - make every user get their own key?
2. optimization: automatic turn on/off after 30 min.

Permissions to give you notifications even when it's off.

Use case: sometimes, when you're on a route that you normally don't go down.

Possibility: widget to turn on/off - but this would make lazy user upset.

If you're walking down the street and you get a notif, "If you come here, you'll get a 20% discount..."

Publishers/Subscribers

PUBSUB


OMRI:
You could probably work with a similar kind of idea. For example, instead of just notifying someone that they're close to a place, maybe there could be "publishers" who specify locations and are allowed to trigger certain messages when people get near any of their locations, and "subscribers" who can find various publishers, subscribe to them, and then if they end up in a publisher's radius, something happens

I'm sort of imagining it could be used like radio / youtube / instagram / twitter / news services, but with locality built into it

OMRI:
Omri Bernstein [4:52 PM]
Haha yeah I hope so, cause I've been pretty vague.
Let me provide a random example. Let's say I have a friend Lizzy who is a foodie and likes to share random restaurant recommendations. And that I'd like to hear those recommendations, but she's got like 8000 recommendations. So she would use this app and anytime she wanted to make a recommendation, she'd just have a text + photo post that she geo-tags by the location of that restaurant. Then I use the app and subscribe to her feed. Instead of seeing everything she says all the time, I only see her posts when I'm near where she geo-tagged them. So if I end up in the same neighborhood near a restaurant she recommended, I could see that in her feed (or maybe I'd even get a push notification if / when I get nearby).
So I guess sort of like facebook / twitter, but all the feeds are local?
The example I gave was for text + photos, but video / audio media could also be useful / interesting
And also, it wouldn't have to be _only_ for recommendations. It could be a fun way of geo-caching some random posts for my friends, or texting people the wifi password when they get close to my apartment, or giving a video tutorial to people coming to the ramen shop I own (again which triggers when they get close to that shop)

Note: I do have a foodie friend Lizzy with great food recommendations, but I do not own a ramen shop

What makes this app different from existing apps, and why will people use it?
Centralizes individual locations/stores/people's feeds/advertisements/events

It follows the route of a person throughout the day - so that they wouldn't have to go out of their way for it, but it will provide them insight as to how close things really are.

people's feeds => instagram/recommendations.

Connected to people's social media.

Subscribe to specific stores/locations. i.e. Central Park, Washington Sq. Park

Example:

SUBSCRIBER
- Instant: your friends want to go out for dinner, but you're not familiar with the area. The app will show you your current feed of what's nearby based off your subscriptions of other people/location's publishments.
- On the train: your phone will be notified when you are passing by.
- Notified of different deals - user doesn't normally hunt for deals, but if they are accessible b.c of the pub/sub & user's current location, the user is more likely to go to that location for deals.
- for users who may be in a rush, or normally do not look around their environment. it will look for them.

PUBLISHER
- stores: can promote locally without needing people/signs to express it
  - help gauge interest - (data) are you reaching out to the right people? do you need to change your business model :O
- person's blog: followers/social status - they don't have to look through their site to see what's nearby.
-
